adjust docs for access function by external address (#220)
OpenFunction/openfunction.dev: content/en/docs/concepts/networking/route.md

The Address of type `Internal` in `Funtion.status` provides the default method for accessing functions from within the cluster.
This internal address is not affected by the `Gateway` referenced by `route.gatewayRef` and it's suitable for use as `sink.url` of `EventSource`.

> The Address of type `External` in `Funtion.status` provides the method for accessing functions from outside the cluster(you should use Magic DNS or configure your real DNS, see [access functions by the external address](../function-entrypoints/#access-functions-by-the-external-address-1)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Address of type `External` in `Funtion.status` provides methods for accessing functions from outside the cluster (You can choose to configure Magic DNS or real DNS, please refer to [access functions by the external address](../function-entrypoints/#access-functions-by-the-external-address-1) for more details).
```
